## Faculty Management System

The Faculty Management System is a system used to maintain all data of faculty members in the
department. It also has the provision to assign, maintain and manage tasks to
the faculty by the Head of Department (HOD) and Program Coordinators (PC).
It Provides real time notifications regarding tasks and other intimations from the
department. A profile page is provided where the faculty can update his/her
details. All faculty members’ information will be available to the registered
users through the portal on request. Faculty can maintain notes for anything as
and when required.
The tasks assigned have associated priority levels and provision to upload files
and attach links to external sites. Notifications can be created by the user or can
also be auto-generated by the system in certain situations like when a new task
is assigned.
The aim of this system is to track and maintain faculty details, tasks and
notifications within the Computer Science department.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.
